The first thing to do is to pick a decent character. The best
all-around choice for a beginner is a human mage, so for the
purposes of these cheat sheets, pick human when you create your character.

Once your character is created, begin the game by typing: enter town

You should now be in the main village of the game, where you can find
shops, pubs, a bank, and most everything you'll need. Get familiar here
with the basic commands:

look
look at tower
go north
go south
smile

You can also type them in a shortened way:

l
l tower
n
s
smile


Now, learn a little about yourself. Type: 

score
stat

(Note that you will have to hit <enter> to get to the second page of the 
stat command.)

These commands tell you some things about yourself, like how much food you've
eaten, what skills you have and how good you are at them, and other 
attributes, like how strong you are how smart you are, etc.


In the game you will need to do some fighting against monsters, and these
pieces of information will help you decide the best way to fight which 
enemies. For now, since you've chosen human, you are probably smart but
not very strong. Let's try to fix that, because fights usually go
better if you are strong.

Every new player has 15 customization points when they join (this only
happens once), so make yourself stronger by adding customization
points to your strength, for example:

customize strength 5

If your intelligence is below 50, you definitely need to increase it too,
if you're going to be a mage. You usually want a strength of at least 30 and
an intelligence above 50, preferably above 60, for casting spells.

Ok, next, let's get you equipped for exploring. If you're lucky, someone has
left stuff in the church bin. Go to the church:

go west, go north

From this point, directions will be given like this:

1w, 1n

Meaning, in this example, go west once, go north once.

Now:

look in bin

Hopefully there is a bunch of stuff in there but if someone else got 
there first, you will need to get equipped on your own, without the
church's charity. For the purpose of this guide, we'll assume you didn't
find anything there.

Let's get started with your first quest: Cave Explorer I

Go from the church to the Adventurers' Guild:

1s, 2e, 1s

This is where you go to get info on questing and other stuff. There is
a charity bin here too, check it for helpful items. The important thing
to do here, though, is:

read list

This tells you the list of quests available. Did you see Cave Explorer I?
We're going to go solve that one right now! 

1n, 5w, 26n, enter cave

You'll notice that you walked through a big forest just then. Don't try
to explore the forest yet, you could get lost. Just go straight north,
and go fast, because if you accidentally run into an orc, you do *not*
want to hang around and wait for him to start hitting you.

If you goof up here and do get killed by an orc, well, we might as well talk
about death now. Death takes away a few of your experience points, which
isn't good because you need them to go up in levels. Definitely avoid
death. You can avoid losing those experience points by being resurrected,
but that takes getting the help of another player and we can discuss that
another time.

For now, just know that if you get killed, you need to: regenerate
And you will rematerialize in the start room.

Anyway, hopefully you did not die and you are now inside the secret cave
in the forest, and you have completed your very first quest. That was
easy, right? You might even have automatically advanced a level or
two. Congratulations! The next quest will be harder, and it is the Orc
Slayer quest.


