You should now be standing in the secret cave in the woods, having
just completed the Cave Explorer I quest. Now things get complicated,
because the next quest is Orc Slayer, and as a weak human there is
absolutely no way you can fight your way through this quest. You will
have to sneak around, so pay attention to all the details here.

The first thing you need to do is find a way to become invisible so
that you can sneak by some orcs later. There happens to be an invisibility
device available to you, but it is far away. You can't walk to it. You have 
to teleport to it. The good news is that there is a teleportation device
in this secret cave you're standing in! It's called a stargate and you
can dial different destinations on it to reach other stargates. Type:

dial campus lab
enter gate

See doctor Kleiner? He is wearing a badge you need, but you can't kill
him for it, he will escape if you try. So leave him alone for now. We need
to get you some other loot.

1s, 1e, 1n, 3e, open door, 1s

You are now in the Virtual Campus admissions room, and there is a robot
here named Jenny who will give you an introduction to the game, but more
importantly, she will give you some valuable loot you can sell at the
campus store. You'll see why you need to get this loot, just trust me 
for now. type:

activate bot

And when you're done reading what she says, type:

next tip

Until she's done giving you tips. At the end she will give you a hat and
some other goodies. When you have the loot, go:

1n, 2e, 1n

To the campus bookstore, and type: 

sell hat to kim

This should get you a bunch of dollars. Now type:

buy coat from kim

And she will give you a lab coat. You see, Dr. Kleiner is looking for
his lab coat, and you will give this to him. Go back to Kleiner:

1s, 5w, 1s, 1w, 1n

give coat to kleiner

Note that while Kleiner is putting on the coat, he drops the badge! Grab
it quick:

get badge
wear badge

Now you can enter the room with the invisibility device. You hadn't forgot
about that, had you? 

2s

get computer from bench
get module from bench
wear computer
activate computer
open computer
install module in computer
close computer

Now you're ready to do some serious sneaking around. You're not 
invisible yet, but we're going to hold off on that for now. Being invisible
uses up your stamina points, so we're going to save it for when you
really need it. Let's get back to the main village and get some other
stuff you really need.

2n
dial cave
enter gate
26s, 2e, 1s

Now, here you may run into a problem. If you went up a few levels already,
you won't be able to get past this guard, because he only ignores total
newbies. So you'll have to sneak by him:

cloak
1s
decloak

Remember to decloak. If you walk around cloaked (invisible) all the time
you will run out of stamina and that's no fun. Now, let's look around:

look
look at window

1w, 1n
get all
1s, 1e
drop ladder

The mansion door is locked so the only way in is to:

climb ladder

You're now in the old abandoned mansion. Time to grab some stuff you'll need:

1w
search

You should now see a complex key. You'll need it for opening a safe later.

get key
1e, 2s, 1d, 2n
cloak
1e

Here you see a thief that has been using the abandoned mansion as his
own home. If he sees you he will attack, so you really should sneak by
him instead. Notice the rug here? Doesn't it seem strange that it was
so obvious? Is anything underneath it?

move rug
open door
1d
turn on flashlight
look
open chest
get all from chest
get all from bag
1u, 1w
decloak

Ok, so let's review what we've done so far. We found an invisibility device,
used it to get past a gate guard, used a ladder to climb into a mansion,
found a key, snuck past a thief to find another key, and now we have
a bunch of loot and money, and you're possibly at level 5 now!

score

Pretty cool! But we haven't solved the orcslayer quest yet, so let's keep
going. 

2s, u
unlock door with silver key
open door
1s

Ok, notice some other obvious things here? A bed and a wardrobe? We'll
get to the wardrobe later, for now let's see if there's anything behind this
big bed:

move bed

Well well well! Let's explore further:

enter passageway
unlock safe with complex key
open safe
get all from safe
drop complex key

Goodness gracious! That's quite a lot of good loot! A grenade?!? Well don't
use it yet, this is exactly what we will need to solve the orc slayer
quest. We're almost there. Now, you don't need the plastic flashlight 
since you got a big maglite flashlight from the secret chamber downstairs.

drop plastic flashlight
4n, 1d, 2n, 2w, 1sw

Ok here's where things get tricky. We'll need to sneak by a bunch of orcs,
but we don't want to waste stamina doing it, so we want to be efficient. We
also want to make sure that we don't make mistakes because we'll need to
move quickly. 

First, let's get where we're going:

cloak
1w, 1n, 1w

It's a good thing you're cloaked because you would have been attacked
by all those orcs you snuck past. You're now in the temple of the orc
shaman. If it's too dark to see, turn on the maglite:

turn on maglite

Now we're going to plan things out to make sure we don't make any 
mistakes. The game has a way for you to bind keys to specific commands.
For example type:

alias 1 smile

Now if you type the number 1 and hit enter, the game will act as if you
typed out the command "smile". This is important because there are
some commands that need to be typed quickly but cannot be misspelled.
Using keyboard aliases helps in these time-sensitive situations.

We're about to have a time sensitive situation. Make some aliases:

alias 1 pull pin on grenade
alias 2 drop grenade
alias 3 go east

Make sure you have those aliases entered correctly. Especially make sure you
made number 3 be go east, not the letter e, because e is itself an alias and
aliases can't refer to aliases. Now go ahead:

1
2
3

And wait 10 seconds. Don't go back west too soon or you'll be in the room
when the grenade goes off! To be sure it's safe, try to look into the
next room:

peer west

Is the shaman blown up? Good, go back and get that sword from him.

get sword from corpse
get helmet from corpse

You don't need the helmet right this minute, but you will later, so get
it if you can. Now let's go back to the church:

1e, 1s, 1e
decloak
1ne, 3e, 1n

All righty, we're almost done! Did you notice that the church has an 
elevator? Let's find out what's in the basement.

push button
1w
push b button
1e

This is Leo the archwizard. Don't worry, he's not named after anyone you
know, he's been around a long long time. See how he's complaining he lost 
the orcslayer? Take a look at the sword you got from the shaman.

exa sword

Interesting huh? What if this is what Leo is looking for?

give sword to leo

Ta-daa! Now you have solved the orc slayer quest, and Herkimer will
allow you to join the mages guild:

push button
1w
push 1 button
1e
1s, 1e, 1s, 1w, 1s
ask herkimer to join
ask herkimer to teach whip
ask herkimer to teach buffer
ask herkimer to teach missile
ask herkimer to teach meditate
ask herkimer to teach light

And now try out some of your new spells:

cast whip
cast buffer


