CREATOR TIPS

* Edit .plan in your homedir to let others 
know what you're working on. You can see other 
people's plans when you finger them.

* You can test how functions work without having to 
code a command or object. The "eval" command will let 
you evaluate functions. For example:
------------------------
eval return this_player()->GetName()
eval find_player("cratylus")
eval present("sword",find_player("testylus"))->GetClass()
------------------------

* The "boards" command will tell you which chat boards 
have posts you have not read.


* Navigate and manipulate your files and directories 
with the standard unix commands: ls, cd, cp, mv, more, 
ed, grep. Be careful: just like in unix, if you delete 
a mud file, it is gone for good.


* To toggle chat channels on and off, just type the 
channel name. If you're listening to intergossip, for 
example, you can turn it off by just typing: intergossip


* Creators do not have bodies like players do. If you 
want to test your code, you need to create another 
character besides your creator charater. Just make 
sure it has the word "test" somewhere in its name. For 
example, the test players Cratylus uses is "Testylus".


* To create good code, you should look at what people 
have already done. Look in /domains/town and 
/domains/default and you'll find some examples. Copy some 
to your home directory and use them as templates for 
your own creations.


* Remember that once you finish editing a file, you 
have to use the "update" command to load it into memory. 
If you change a file you've already updated, you have 
to update it again for the changes to take effect. 


* If you get errors when you try to update a file, use 
the "elog" command to get clues as to what is wrong. 
Most of the time it is something simple, like using "=" 
where you meant to use "==" or forgetting a semicolon. 
The LPC programming language does not forgive typoes any 
more than any other programming language.


* Before changing a file, make a backup copy, for 
example: cp file.c file.bak This way, if your changes 
really cause a problem, you can easily restore things 
to the way they used to be.


* The admins and elders are here to help and answer 
questions. But remember: if your request is basically 
"fix my workroom!" or "fix my code!", your request will 
probably wind up at the bottom of the priority list. We 
want you to learn to solve coding problems, and fixing 
your code for you isn't the best way to make that happen. 
However, we're happy to look over your code and make suggestions.


* Permissions and privileges: For security reasons, you do 
not have read/write access to everything. You can read and 
write any file in your home directory. You only have write 
permissions within your home directory and the /tmp 
directory. You can read everything outside the /realms and 
/secure directories. You can't read anything 
in other creators' home dirs. Your read access to some items 
in the /secure directory is limited.
